Hahahaha everyone
Great victory today
We don't get drunk
Come and drink
That pariah girl
It's really funny how you talk so harshly.
Hahahaha
Yeah, foolishly hit again and again
I am an indestructible scholar
He also doesn't consider the possibility of being broken
That is, the general has long pulled out the inner hardness
Prepare the gunpowder defense wall
Hahaha
I'm sure he will take advantage of Dafeng Tiangong City
Bone like a beautiful yellow-haired girl
Hahaha, come and wait for me. A toast to the general
Do it, do it
Hmm drink
Come on, come on.
Report to the general
The city is on fire
What's going on?
What's the fire?
know not
Just now
Suddenly there was a fire all over the city
Many brothers were burned to death by the fire
Go and see
Yes
The same reason for bullying Zuo Fei is here
Surrenderers are spared
Sophie has been driving all day
How could there be any spare energy to come with me?
The rebels take an oath here
From then on, the bookstore painted its own land
Not subject to Rakshasa control
How dare the untouchables be so arrogant
There is no distinction between high and low
It is no longer the Rakshasa Shu Land
I'll give you three nights to leave.
Otherwise, I will wait for the power of the sword
I will let you grow up